[music playing]
- You have done well
in preventing the onslaught
of the Degenerate Age.
Knowing you and your daughters
as I do, however,
I knew you all would be
strong enough to accomplish it.
I am grateful to you,
Sesshomaru.
[birds chirping]
- [overlapping chatter]
- [tools pounding]
BOTH: Ready, and...
- Here we go! Up!
- Heave!
- What a battle.
Hope it's the last one
I ever see.
[tools pounding]
- So that's it, then.
Riku is actually dead.
TOWA: May he rest in peace.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "A Never-Ending Future."
[violin playing]
[violin continues]
[door slides]
- Moe.
- Eh?
- Do you feel
like taking a break?
I made some coffee.
- Thank you. Be right there.
- [murmuring] Towa...
MOE: Aw! She fell asleep?
- She was working
so hard on that drawing,
trying to get it just right,
she wore herself out.
- Oh? Let's have a look.
- [Buyo meows]
[Grandpa chuckles]
Quite a good likeness.
SOTA: It's funny, Mei's been
different ever since Towa left.
She's been
a lot more self-assured.
- I overheard her saying
that she wants to be
as cool as her big sister.
I just hope that, wherever
she is in the other world,
Setsuna's still practicing
and enjoying the violin.
- And wherever Moroha is,
I hope she's living happily
there with her parents.
- The fact that all of us here
are living in peace
must mean that they've done
pretty well for themselves.
In fact, I'm sure
all three of them
are having a great time
over there right now.
[crashes echoing]
- [grunts]
- Hey, hey! That's not
a very warm reception!
- [snarls]
- He's headed your way, Dad!
- All right! I'm ready for him!
I'll skin this cat
with one stroke!
- [roars]
- [grunts]
[groaning]
- Hah! That all you got?!
- [ice cracks]
Well, try this!
Wind Scar!
Huh? It deflected it!
- Well, you gotta
fight ice with fire!
Crimson Dragon Wave!
[dragon roars]
- [squealing]
- Do it, Dad!
- [grunts]
- [blade pulses]
Adamant Barrage!
- [wails]
- Purifying Arrow!
Yes! We got it!
The Ice Sword of Un'ei.
- The two of them
are in perfect sync.
What?!
What do you mean
you're in debt, Moroha?!
- Well, it's kind of
a long story.
I won't bore you with it.
- What do you owe, and to whom?!
- Oh, uh, Mr. Jyubei,
the corpse dealer,
and I don't owe him
all that much.
Anyway, I've been paying him
back by killing demons
and bringing him
their heads and treasures,
- and we're almost even--
- What do you owe?
- Well, I think maybe, like,
one ryou, something like that.
- I see.
- Huh?
- Inuyasha!
- Go slay a demon!
I will not allow a daughter
of mine to be in debt to anyone!
- Yes! Right! Understood.
- We're here for you now,
Moroha.
- Oh, man!
My hand's still numb
from that frosty bastard.
- Dad?
- Yeah?
- Thanks for helping me
to defeat that thing.
- Aw, that pussycat was nothing.
All in a day's work.
It was no big deal.
MYOGA: Boing! Boing!
Oh, it's been so long,
Lord Inuyasha!
Ha ha! [slurping]
- Why, it's old Myoga.
- [groans]
You haven't changed a bit,
have you?
- [grunts]
- [pop]
Whoa!
- It's funny. The entire time
we were fighting Kirinmaru,
you were nowhere to be found,
Grandpa Myoga.
- Well, they say discretion
is the better part of valor!
But I can't tell you
how nice it is
to taste Lord Inuyasha's
blood after so long!
Though it's not as delicious
as yours, Lady Moroha!
- What did you say?!
- [murmurs]
- Uh...
- [whispering] Save me. Save me.
- Give me a break.
Whoa, Dad!
Your hand's all frostbit.
- Huh?
- Let me warm it up.
- Oh, don't worry about it.
It'll be fine in no time.
- Just let me help you out, Dad.
- Oh, a-all right.
[music playing]
- Well, Dad, Mom, I'm off!
- Okay.
- Be careful, now.
- I'll see you soon.
[bird screeches]
MOROHA: Here you go, Mr. Jyubei!
The Ice Sword of Un'ei,
as you requested.
- Really? You were able
to get that all by yourself?
- [gasps] I suppose
I might have gotten
a little help from my dad.
- What's that?
I couldn't hear you.
- [grumbles]
Okay, so my dad
helped me out a little!
That a problem?!
- Not at all.
You've got some nice parents,
don't you, Moroha?
- Uh...
[laughs]
- JYUBEI: All right, then.
- Eh?
- I'll give you one ryou
for that sword, so we're even.
Your debt's been paid.
- Yes! Finally!
A pleasure doing business
with you, Mr. Jyubei!
- Way to stick with it, Moroha.
- Yeah, way to go, Moroha!
- Pardon me.
Do you accept requests
to slay demons here?
- Hang on. You're...
[birds chirping]
RIN: Here you go!
SETSUNA: What are these?
I made them for you
out of a very special fabric.
I got it from Lord Sesshomaru.
- Whoa, it's beautiful!
But it's so fancy.
- I don't feel worthy
of such fine clothes.
- Your father knows
you've both worked very hard.
I'm sure this is
his way of rewarding you.
- [sighs]
Did Sesshomaru--
Did our father ever worry
about what might happen to us
if we didn't succeed?
After all, the Tenseiga
can only bring
someone back to life once,
so Setsuna
won't have a second chance.
- Aren't you forgetting, Towa,
your soul
has already died as well.
- It seems like...
if Father
had helped us out earlier,
then maybe neither of us
would have had
to go through any of that.
- Hmm.
RIN: As a matter of fact,
I've also experienced death.
- Eh?
- Huh?
- This era is just filled
with nasty things, isn't it?
You can't do anything
about them.
And since you're
both half-demons,
I'm sure you'll have to face
many more of them along the way.
Oh, yes. You'll run into demons
that will try to make
your lives difficult
just because you're
the daughters of Sesshomaru.
- Let them try!
We'll put the whole lot of them
in the ground!
- Yeah, that's right!
And not only that,
we've got Moroha with us too!
- Towa, Setsuna...
[no audible dialogue]
[laughs]
You both have grown up
to be so strong!
Your father is so proud of you.
I know he is.
[laughing]
- Uh...
- Huh?
[Takamaru warbles]
[laughter and chatter]
- Wow! That was amazing, Shippo!
Now do another one!
- Okay, calm down.
You ain't seen nothin' yet.
[clears throat]
Now for an example
of transformation!
- [murmuring]
- [laughs]
RACCOON DOG DEMON: So round!
- Amazing! That was
even better than the last one!
- Now let's go over
the fundamentals
of transformation.
[birds chirping]
I tell you, being a teacher
is a tough job.
We should definitely
get paid more. [gasps]
- Who would have ever thought
Shippo would become a teacher?
- I wouldn't have!
But I'm so proud of you!
- Oh, no! Kin'u! Gyokuto!
- [laughter]
- Shippo's become
a mature young man, hasn't he?
Hisui could really learn
from his example.
- Let's hope he does.
Did you hear the good news?
Shippo did well
on his fox demon exams.
He's in the 19th rank.
- You're just like your parents!
Agh! Hey! Hey!
Miroku, Sango,
get them off of me!
- [laughs]
- Let's let them have their fun.
We'll get Lady Kagome
to comfort him later.
- KIN'U: Let me hold him!
- I'm good with that.
- Hey, don't touch me!
Miroku! Sango!
S-Save me, please!
- GIRLS: Little Shippo!
- SANGO: All right.
- Little Shippo!
- All right, now.
- [screeches]
[waves crashing]
- Without city lights, you can
see a lot more of the stars.
- City lights? Well, I guess
I'll take your word for it.
- Shouldn't Moroha be here?
- Yeah, she's late, huh?
- [gasps]
Hey, Setsuna...
was Mother saying
that our father
meant for us
to go through all that?
Could it have been some kind of
rite of initiation or something?
- Of courage and cowardice.
- A rite of courage
and cowardice?
- We half-demons
have many enemies.
So yes, perhaps it was a test
to see if half-demons like us
could survive on our own.
- He thought
we might be too weak?
MOROHA: Man,
what a depressing discussion!
- You're late, Moroha!
- Yeah, sorry about that.
I was negotiating
a business deal. [laughs]
- It must be nice
when things are so simple.
- Wha?!
- Really.
Plus, your father
is a lot less complicated
than the one we have.
- Listen, guys!
If things seem complicated,
it's 'cause
you're thinking too much!
And I don't just mean
that rite of whatever
you were talking about.
You're overthinking everything!
- You think so?
- Yeah! Come on. It's really
not that complicated.
Your dad put you through
some extreme training,
not because he's mad at you,
but because he cares about you
and wants you to be able
to stand up against anything.
Because you guys can't see
where he's coming from, though,
you end up hating him
for making you go through it.
- So you're saying
it was because he loves us
that he put us through all that?
- That was
more than just training
that he put us through!
It practically
killed the both of us!
- In fact, it did, and if we
were to die one more time...
- Yeah, well, I don't know
all the details,
but I think it shows
he believed in you guys
and knew you'd come through.
[both sigh]
- Your father
is so proud of you.
I know he is.
- Huh?
Shit! I knew it!
I took it too far, didn't I?
I'm sorry. I was out of line.
Huh?
- Moroha, thank you.
- For fighting by our side
and for just being there!
- Where's all this coming from?
- We really mean it, Moroha.
You are
a truly valuable friend.
- A friend?
[groans]
Agh!
All right, I get it! I get it!
Stop squeezing me!
- She's embarrassed!
Look! That's so cute.
- I am not! Get outta here!
- [both laugh]
- [Moroha grumbles]
- Anyway, forget that.
- Huh?
I know a way we can all
make some good money,
if you're interested.
[bird warbling]
- Do you know who that man is?
- Yeah, I know.
That's what
makes it interesting.
- So you're the client, huh?
And your name is...
- You may call me Kai.
- He's got a demon
that needs slaying.
- The place is a long way out,
and the only way to get there
is by boat, right, Mr. Kai?
- Yes. Merchants
plying the Western seas
have been troubled by a monster
that's appeared there.
When I heard there were skilled
demon slayers here in the East,
I came to hire some.
- Sounds like quite the problem.
Tell us more about the monster.
- We should let people know
we might be away for a while.
Moroha, come help me
spread the word.
- Okay.
You get the details, Towa.
- And we'll make sure
they get home safely,
won't we, Takechiyo?
- Oh! Sure thing!
- Now then, on the subject
of the monster itself,
it's a--[gasps]
[shudders]
- Oops. I'll have to apologize
to Mr. Jyubei for the wall.
- Lady Towa,
what are you doing?
- Riku, did you think you
could fool me with that getup?
- [gasps]
What was it that gave me away?
- I recognized your scent.
[gasps]
- Of course. You're...
a dog demon.
Anyway, I was embarrassed
to leave you all believing
that I was dead,
because, as you can plainly see,
I didn't actually die after all.
Sorry.
- Don't be.
I'm just really grateful
that you're still alive.
- I appreciate it.
And I am grateful
to see you again.
[both grunting]
Now try this!
- [gasps]
Okay, okay, you win.
That was a strong move.
I'll give you that, Setsuna.
- You still have
a long way to go, Hisui.
- Watch it!
I'll surpass you
before you know it.
Okay! So a rematch tomorrow?
- I'm sorry.
- Huh?
- I've been requested
to slay some demons.
I'm departing for the West soon.
- What? For how long?
- Can't say.
But I figured I would do
a bit of traveling
as part of my training.
I must get stronger.
- What? Even stronger
than you are now?
So I guess it's goodbye
for a while, huh?
- Oh, that's right.
I almost forgot.
Princess Aiya asked me
to deliver a message to you.
She wants you
to visit her tomorrow.
She has a request to make.
- Another one?
Why is she always asking me?
- Oh, how dense can you be?
She's smitten with you.
Play it right,
and you'll be a lord one day.
- Wha?!
No! You're the only one that I--
- Oh, no!
- Huh?
- I need to hurry up
and get packed and ready!
Take care of yourself, Hisui!
- Unbelievable.
And she calls me dense.
KOHAKU: She's a tough one,
that's for sure.
- Eh?
Oh, Uncle! Uh, hi!
I didn't see you there.
- But then, she is
Lord Sesshomaru's daughter,
after all. She's formidable.
- I respect her for it.
So, Uncle, I want you
to help me get stronger
by the time she returns here.
- I admire your spirit.
[chuckles]
MOROHA: I've accepted
a demon-slaying job
from a client of Mr. Jyubei's,
so to make a long story short,
I'm headed for Iyo Province
in the West.
- That's a long way out.
- But you paid off
your debt, didn't you?
And you're still gonna
keep on slaying demons?
- Yeah, I figured, why not?
I see it as an opportunity
to make myself even stronger
and get paid for it!
- Like a training exercise.
Are Towa and Setsuna
going along with you?
- Yeah!
And the three of us together
are damn near invincible.
- Well, just see
that you do your best, Moroha.
- Hey, would you guys--
would you mind if--
if I gave you, like, a hug?
BOTH: Hmm?
- Aw, jeez!
- Ohh!
- [gasps]
- My goodness, Moroha!
You both... take care
of yourselves, all right?
SETSUNA: That foolish Riku.
Did he really forget
that you and I are dog demons?
- Maybe he just had
a lot on his mind or something.
- How is it he's still alive
in the first place?
- He was
just as surprised as we are.
- [murmurs]
I am alive.
- [heart beating]
- Oh.
I see.
I have Miss Rion's and
Lord Kirinmaru's Kon and...
Haku.
[music playing]
- Apparently
that's what happened.
- How's that even make sense?!
- Don't ask me. I don't know.
RIN: Towa! Setsuna!
SETSUNA: It's Mother.
TOWA: And Father's with her too.
- The two of you
be careful out there!
Come back soon, okay?!
- We will, Mother!
- And when we do, Father,
we can all sit down
and have a talk!
- Let us go, Rin.
- All right.
- Good heavens,
is that a look of happiness
- on your face, Lord-- Agh!
- [foot stomps]
- You're the same as ever,
Master Jaken.
- [laughs]
- JAKEN: Hold on!
Lord Sesshomaru, wait for me!
[waves crashing]
[water flows]
- [growls]
[demons growling]
- You didn't say
there'd be this many!
- They must have multiplied!
- [wails]
- [growling]
- [gasps]
- Ahh...
- Heavenly Arrow Barrage!
Are you both all right?
- All thanks to you.
- Did you get 'em all, Moroha?
- Not yet.
There's a much bigger one
still out there somewhere.
- [roars]
[Takechiyo stammering]
- I've been waiting for you!
- [laughs]
Huh? That smell!
There's human blood
mixed in with it,
but I know that smell!
It's Sesshomaru!
[Towa and Setsuna grunt]
- [yells]
- [gurgles]
But how?
You're only half-demons!
Could it be that you are...
- That's right.
We are
Lord Sesshomaru's daughters...
- Towa and Setsuna.
[Japanese music playing]